#ROADMAP

Project Name: *Making Ecology Simple and Accessible*
Summary: Building a platform that organize and publishes open ecological resources to be used by brazilian teachers and educators in Ecology classes and events

This project for now, is divided in two phases: 
The first one is to create a more simple platform, that only gathers links to content that already exists online.
The second part is to “upgrade” our site so creators could publish their resources in our platform

This roadmap refers to the first phase of our project

1st milestone: Build a map of the site
Investigate brazilian biology curriculum for each grade and annotate all ecology content (this will be needed to organize the site in categories)
Improve the name of the project (it is too long and too boring)
Ask for people to help in our project (web digging, site editing, digital art)
Look at github to learn how the site could be (to know the functionalities of github when making a platform and how to make it on github)
Build the first draft of the map (to have something to show to teachers so they can criticize it)
Talk to at least 20 teachers and creators to listen some suggestions about the list of content and organization of the site (since our site will be made for them, is nice to hear from them how this need to be)
Finish the map of the site (how we want our site to be organized)


2nd milestone: Build the site
Discuss how each page needs to be (each link will be in a different page with tons of description or there will be a page with all links listed? Or maybe both?)
Organize the pages of the platform basing on our map (our site will begin to gain form)
Ask for people to help in our project (web digging, site editing, digital art)
Dig the web for content for each ecology subject  
Put the links in the right pages of our site (to fill our pages with knowledge!) 
Share it to everyone!


How can you contribute?
Since we are in phase 1, we need three types of contributors

Anyone:
Do you know any ecological resources in pt-br available online? Send us the link so we can put it on our site. [Link form].
Do you have any suggestions about how this platform could be or what it must have to be a good platform? Send it to us via this [suggestion form]

Brazilian teachers and educators
We need your expertise to know what the ecology content that is taught at brazilian school and how it is organized.
We want to hear from you how you like our platform to be. What do you miss the most when searching for resources online?
You can contribute via this [suggestion form] or via meetings or text talks

Creators
Do you have any resources online? Send us the link so our platform could redirect it to your site. 
We want to hear from you how you like our platform to be. Which features it must have to be a good platform to share your work?
Do you have time and want to learn and to participate more actively in our project? Tell us a little about yourself [form] and we could find some functions for you

For the future, after phase 2 (Dream big)
Make this platform international, assigning the language of each material and allowing that each resource could be translated
To publish an online journal based on the resources of the site. Where each article talks about the resource uploaded (how to use, use context,  experience reports) 
